[agent] Note deprecated features in 3.36.0 release notes (#1936)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: agent/changelog.mdx

### ngrok Agent 3.36.0 \[2026-02-03\]

- Change agent self update link (was: `update.equinox.io`, is now: `update.ngrok-agent.com`).

> - Deprecated flags that are obsoleted by Traffic Policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated flags that are made obsolete by Traffic Policies.
```
